And then finally, very exciting.
We have all the groups and
paths, and tags, that we need.
So let's go ahead and
set the attributes and styles on them,
so that they'll render
the way that we want.
And so
these are almost the same attributes and
styles that we set previously, and
this is what it ends up looking like.
And just for
an actual little bit of repetition and
retention, I was thinking
that we can go ahead and
code all of that together,
what we just ran through together,
to bring all of that code
together into one place.
So, let's get going.
So, we will have,
The same as before where we have
an SVG with the width and height.
So let us first create our
parent group elements
const g = d3.select
the parent (svg).
And then we're going to select all of the
groups in the svg that do not yet exist.
And we're going to pass in our flowers,
data, Which is
an array of objects with all of our scales
and rotate or scales and translates.
And then we're gonna say
enter.append('group').
And if we do that,
we don't see anything yet
because group elements don't
render anything to the screen.
But if we inspect element,
if I open up the chrome inspector,
ooh, that always it's okay,
lost a place a little bit there but,
okay, so let's inspect that element again.
And then we can see all
of these group elements,
have been inserted or
created in the DOM and
there's 135 of them.
So now, let's go ahead and
let's create our pedal paths.
And in a small side note about SVG is,
just like with HTML elements,
the order in which you create and
insert the elements into DOM dictates
the order in which they'll get rendered.
And so, in the examples, or
in the explanation I gave earlier,
I explained the text
element first just because
conceptually it was easier to grok.
But in actual practice what we want to do,
is we want to create our
paths first because we want our
petals to get rendered first, so
that our text can lie on top of it and
we can see the titles for our movies.
So, let's get going with that.
And so we actually can just say,
within the selection of
our 135 group elements,
we want to select all of
the paths that don't yet exist.
We're going to figure out
what the data should be for
each of those groups,
each of those movies.
And so we are passed in the movie
data from our parent group element,
and we want to return _times().
The number of petals for
that particular group or movie.
And then we want to create a new
object with the same apparent data.
We're creating this new object so
that our children are new
kind of individual children datum objects,
sorry,
our individual children data don't
mutate the parent data because
they shouldn't mix,
this shouldn't affect the parent.
And so we're going to create
a new object copy over our
parent data with all of
our movie information,
or sorry flower information,
and we're going
to also calculate the rotation for
each of the paths.
And then another small new about SVG
rotate which is that it uses degrees,
and so
that's why I am dividing it 360
divide by the number of petal paths.
If I remember correctly
in Vanilla JavaScript,
with a lot of the math
functions like cosine and
sine and all that and
we pass in radians, so two pie,
and that always confuses me and
in the switch.
So just remember with SVG, with rotate,
we pass in degrees, SVG, degrees.
And so now [COUGH] we have the data bound,
and we're going to do .enter and
append on that data.
And so with this piece of code,
we should be able to inspect element and
see, That,
Within each group element,
we have the correct number of paths.
Perfect, and if we were to say
select one of these paths and
we wanted to see the properties on them,
then we'll see the data that's been
bound with the newly calculated
rotation in degrees.
So let's use that piece of information,
and the first thing we want to do is,
we want to do SVG transform.
And we want to take the data that we have,
on each of these petals,
so right now we're operating
on each of these petal paths.
And so for each of them,
what we want to do is first,
we want to be able to rotate them to
the right, whatever we calculated,
and so let's say rotate($(d.rotate)).
And then we also want to
be able to scale them.
So now if we take a look, wait, no,
we haven't bounded the data yet,
or the d attribute yet.
So now, let's go ahead and
bind our d attribute,
which is in d.path, and
we see all of these up here,
and the reason why they're all
up here is because we need
to set .attr('transform'
translate on our group elements.
And so let's go ahead and do that,
let's see 'translate($ and
then we're going to use the position
array that we calculated previously.
And was in not called position,
transform translate.
Okay, so that's not happening,
so let's debug this together.
So we have the rotations and and
ooh, undefined so I don't think I
called it position so, let me see.
Okay, let me see our flowers array,
And what do we call it?
We call it translate, okay.
[LAUGH] All right so,
D.translate, Here, awesome.
So we've now translated all of our paths,
and so we have our flower shapes.
And, you can see that we
still need to set the color,
and their other shows and the opacity.
But I just wanna take a small moment
to celebrate the flowers on the screen.
And wait okay, I'm gonna go back and
do something really quickly,
which is that we need to use VJ's.
Let's see, so
we need to use VJ's path, and so
we're going to, Use that.
Okay, so now that we've done that,
pardon me as I refresh this,
Look at how cool that our shape looks.
So that's the petal path that VJ gave us,
And so, that's so exciting.
Okay so, and
I hope at this point that you're seeing
your own petal paths in there too.
Yeah, let's go ahead and
set some of our styles,
so let's go ahead and fill it by
the color that we previously calculated.
We're going to also stroke it
by the color that we calculated,
and let's give it a lower
fill-opacity of 0.5.
And let's give it
a slightly thicker stroke,
and let's have that be I
think we said 2 pixels.
And there we go, look at that.
Yeah, there's like a little bit of
an inside detail with what VJ gave us,
for these petals, right here.